some were killed queuing for bread
others died along with their families in
their homes some were teachers some were
nurses some doctors administrators
Engineers all were employees of the UN
Agency for Palestinian refugees anra and
on Monday un Flags around the world were
lowered in tribute to them this was the
minute silence in Geneva over the last
month
101 of our colleagues have lost their
lives in
Gaza this is the highest number of eight
workers killed in the history of our
organization in such a short time when
Israel began bombing Gaza on October the
7th tens of thousands of people sought
shelter in the agency's facilities more
than
760,000 people are now Sheltering in
them many in schools the agency provides
Israel GPS coordinates to all its
locations anra says its schools and
shelters are overcrowded 60 have been
damaged by Israeli attacks and the
agency cannot protect those facilities
in the north of the Gaza Strip and for
its staff the war on Gaza has been the
worst crisis for the United Nations
humanitarian workers in the
organization's history in fact it's not
even close the next worst moment for the
UN was a suicide bombing in Abuja
Nigeria in 2011 killing 46 less than
half the current Gaza total on provides
Palestinian refugees with Education
Health and Social Services but it's long
Been Under Pressure Israeli Prime
Minister Benyamin nettan Yahoo wants it
disbanded for allowing Palestinians to
inherit Refugee status from their
fathers this keeps alive their right to
return to lands taken in
1948 and in 2018 president Donald Trump
cut us funding for anra plunging it into
financial crisis but nothing compares to
the Carnage of recent weeks unra and
others are party to evidence there these
attacks are happening inside unra
installations 60 have been impacted and
just yesterday an unreg guest house in
Rafa was hit only an hour and a half
after International staff members left
so that evidence can be gathered and the
key question is what can happen because
we have primer phate evidence of
potential war crimes and that something
has to happen that has to turn into
Justice and the key question for us is
how that happens put plainly what is
happening to one R staff is the same as
what's happening to the people of Gaza
Rory chin Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer